add best practice to restart proxies after applying network policy (#10158)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/best-practices/security/index.md

For example, you may choose to only allow traffic to port `9080` of our `reviews` application.
In the event of a compromised pod or security vulnerability in the cluster, this may limit or stop an attackers progress.

> Depending on the actual implementation, the network policy may not have effect to existing connections in the Istio proxies.
> You may need to restart the Istio proxies after applying the network policy so that the existing connections will be closed and
> new connections will be subject to the network policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the actual implementation, changes to network policy may not affect existing connections in the Istio proxies.
You may need to restart the Istio proxies after applying the policy so that existing connections will be closed and
new connections will be subject to the new policy.
```
